NOT YET FOR SALE, but it will be available eventiually.
The following is a draft of order terms and conditions document.


Due to the fact that i have no license. I will accept bitcoin and ethereum.
you pay for shipping(list options) , and can get a package of
1 unit for 20$, 5 untis for 90$, 10 units for 150$

worldwide shipping is available, returns not accepted (do not send back anything at all, it will not be collected)
refunds are possible, if you can prove that whatever problem you have is not caused by you (shipping will not be refunded)


If I ever need some additional information to complete the purchase, I will send you an email.


Returns, refunds, warranty
    Returns are not accepted; do not send anything back to me, it will not be collected.

    Refunds can happend, if you can prove that whatever problem that you have is not caused by you.
    Refunds will be sent in USD, according to the current crypto prices.
    
    There is no warranty at all, but you can contact me and I might help you if you have some problem

Shipping Information
    I am not responsible for any shipping costs if the package is abandoned, destroyed, lost or shipped to the wrong address.
    Order processing time is 2-3 days for all shipments.

    A phone number is required for all international orders. If a shipping carrier is unable to contact you, the order may be abandoned.
    Shipping address cannot be changed after checkout.
    
    Tracking is included with all orders. Tracking number will be sent by email when your order is shipped.


Customs and Import Duties
    Orders to countries outside the US may require duties. These are not paid by us or included in the price of your products.
    Duty is the responsibility of the customer and will vary based on product and country. For more information regarding your country's customs policies, please contact your local customs office.

    Your order may be subject to VAT, import duties and/or taxes, which are levied once your package reaches your country.
    Orders are shipped Duties and Taxes Unpaid (DDU). We do not collect VAT, duties and/or taxes and cannot predict what your particular charges may be.
    If you do incur these additional charges, they must be rendered in order for your package to clear customs.
